so you want to know what a day in the
life is like as an exchange student at
the National University of Singapore
close your eyes or days about to begin
good morning another day and you pets
rushing from a class as usual today's
going to be an ordinary day nothing
special I started off with my normal
morning routine Singapore is hot so
simple t-shirt and some shorts and I'm
good to go
thank goodness I don't live on the
eighth floor although there is an
elevator so it's not too bad for them I
live at Prince George's Park residents
this is one of the dormitories on the
NUS campus and although being one of the
older ones still pretty comfortable and
relaxing to stay yet it's got a good
mixture of both full-time and exchange
students now NUS is so big that they run
their own internal bus system I don't
need to pay anything I just hop on and
start my day
[Music]
this semester I'm taking a variety of
different course subjects but as a
business student I spend most of my
class time at the NUS business school
[Music]
I'm in awe every time I come here
this place is modern its sleek and
there's always something going on here
from hiring fairs to free stuff I'm
lucky to have this building as my
faculty home
[Music]
made it to class and us classes are
pretty good there's some great
professors and cool subjects and they
usually last from three hours to two
hours and they can get tiring sometimes
after class a head to the deck or any of
the many food canteens on campus all of
them have unique stalls different
cuisines and the food is generally
pretty good
they've got drinks and snacks vegetarian
meat fresh fruits everything you want is
here and it's all relatively affordable
I don't call a good lunch unless I have
it with some great people not only can I
look at their delicious food but
lunchtime is a great time to socialize
all the friends I've met at NUS have
been awesome
they all come from different ethnicities
and backgrounds and they all carry with
them their own unique story
[Music]
after all my classes are done for the
day I take a bus straight to this place
every time this is my favorite spot on
campus and is the hub for all things
student life
this is University town
[Music]
people always talk about the infinity
pool on top of the Marina Bay Sands well
NUS it's got its own infinity pool and
it's open for all students Newtown is a
great spot to study and there's always
student life and activities going on
here the stay in shape I go to the you
town gym successful for all students and
has all the equipment and tools I need
to get a good workout after my workout I
head over to the Mac Commons where I
finally begin to study NUS provides some
pretty powerful Mac's loaded with
creative software so I edit my videos
here too
[Music]
once it's dinnertime I head over to one
of two new town food canteens fine food
[Music]
this place is fully air-conditioned and
it is lively there are people here all
the time and there's so many different
types of food that there's no way that
you can leave here without eating
something
[Music]
after I'm done eating I return my tray
to either the wall or non-halal shelf
this place is inclusive nighttime in
Singapore's warm there's no sun shining
on you and it's relaxing I take one last
bus back to pgp where I'm welcomed home
every time I set my alarm clock hop on
my bed and I close my eyes for the
adventure tomorrow hey it's Jenson yeah
I don't eat breakfast in the morning and
yeah I don't sleep with the blanket
because Singapore is so hot if you're
planning to go to NUS or you're thinking
of wanting to go here hopefully this
video gave you a good overview and if
you're not going here well now you know
what I'm up to let me know in the
comments below if you have any questions
about Singapore and us you name it I'll
answer them other than that be sure to
like subscribe
[Music]
[Applause]